README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Orbitron&size=40&color=%2379A500&height=67&duration=3000&center=true&lines=%F0%9F%85%B6%F0%9F%86%81%F0%9F%85%B4%F0%9F%85%B4%F0%9F%86%83%F0%9F%85%B8%F0%9F%85%BD%F0%9F%85%B6%F0%9F%86%82">
</p>
<h3 align="center">I am just a random developer working on random projects in my free time, trying to make code work</h3>

<p align="center"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=dgudim" alt="dgudim" /> 
  <a href="https://github.com/dgudim?tab=followers"><img alt="Followers" src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/dgudim?color=4C1&logo=github"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/dgudim/dgudim" target="_blank"><img alt="Profile_Update" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/dgudim/dgudim?label=Profile%20update&style=fflat-square"></a>
</p>

<table align="right">
<tr><td><a href="https://discordapp.com/users/410761741484687371/"><img alt="Discord" src="https://lanyard.cnrad.dev/api/410761741484687371?bg=0D1117&idleMessage=Probably%20doing%20something%20else..." width=330></a></td></tr>
<tr><td align="center"><a href="#"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dgudim&layout=compact&theme=gruvbox&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=161B22" height=155></a></td></tr>
</table>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#"><img alt="stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=dgudim&theme=gruvbox&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&line_height=28" width=430></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=dgudim&theme=gruvbox&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" width=430></a>
</p>


  📫 Where to find me: 
<br />
  [![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:github.earthworm153@simplelogin.com)
  [![Discord](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/shield/410761741484687371?theme=discord-inverted)](https://discordapp.com/users/410761741484687371/)
  [![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/kl0ud)
  [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PtgS_iXYUBdU5HIfdX9Lg)
  [![VK](https://img.shields.io/badge/VK-0077FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=VK&logoColor=white)](https://vk.com/gudimd2)
  [![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100078893199038)


### Languages and Tools:

#### Web:
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](#)
[![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Programming languages:
[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)](#)
[![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)](#)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](#)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Shell Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)](#)

#### Databases:
[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-F29111?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](#)
[![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)](#)
[![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Frameworks:
[![Qt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qt-%23217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Qt&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white)](#)

#### IDEs:
[![Ardiuno IDE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino_IDE-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Notepad++](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notepad++-90E59A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notepad%2B%2B&logoColor=black)](#)
[![Eclispe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-2C2255?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Intellij Idea](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Studio-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)](#)

#### CI
[![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Operating systems
[![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)](#)
<sup><sub>I use arch btw</sub></sup>
[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Other tools
[![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMake-%23008FBA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cmake&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Qemu](https://img.shields.io/badge/QEMU-FF6600.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=QEMU&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Documentation
[![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Design and editing
[![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Kdenlive](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kdenlive-527EB2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Kdenlive&logoColor=white)](#)

<br />
<br />

[![Dgudim's github activity graph](https://activity-graph.herokuapp.com/graph?username=dgudim&theme=gruvbox&bg_color=282828)](#)

Commit message:

Added portal to https://dgudim.github.io/

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Orbitron&size=40&color=%2379A500&height=67&duration=3000&center=true&lines=%F0%9F%85%B6%F0%9F%86%81%F0%9F%85%B4%F0%9F%85%B4%F0%9F%86%83%F0%9F%85%B8%F0%9F%85%BD%F0%9F%85%B6%F0%9F%86%82">
</p>
<h3 align="center">I am just a random developer working on random projects in my free time, trying to make code work</h3>

<p align="center"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=dgudim" alt="dgudim" /> 
  <a href="https://github.com/dgudim?tab=followers"><img alt="Followers" src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/dgudim?color=4C1&logo=github"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/dgudim/dgudim" target="_blank"><img alt="Profile_Update" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/dgudim/dgudim?label=Profile%20update&style=fflat-square"></a>
</p>

<table align="right">
<tr><td><a href="https://discordapp.com/users/410761741484687371/"><img alt="Discord" src="https://lanyard.cnrad.dev/api/410761741484687371?bg=0D1117&idleMessage=Probably%20doing%20something%20else..." width=330></a></td></tr>
<tr><td align="center"><a href="#"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dgudim&layout=compact&theme=gruvbox&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=161B22" height=155></a></td></tr>
</table>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#"><img alt="stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=dgudim&theme=gruvbox&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&line_height=28" width=430></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=dgudim&theme=gruvbox&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" width=430></a>
</p>


  📫 Where to find me: 
<br />
  [![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:github.earthworm153@simplelogin.com)
  [![Discord](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/shield/410761741484687371?theme=discord-inverted)](https://discordapp.com/users/410761741484687371/)
  [![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/kl0ud)
  [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5PtgS_iXYUBdU5HIfdX9Lg)
  [![VK](https://img.shields.io/badge/VK-0077FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=VK&logoColor=white)](https://vk.com/gudimd2)
  [![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100078893199038)

  📜 My projects that are worth looking at (Click the portal to go) <br>
  
  <a href="https://dgudim.github.io/" target="_blank"><img height="100" src="https://media.tenor.com/fWA2N8CPWEkAAAAi/sonic-mania.gif"></a>

### Languages and Tools:

#### Web:
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](#)
[![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Programming languages:
[![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)](#)
[![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)](#)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](#)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Shell Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)](#)

#### Databases:
[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-F29111?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](#)
[![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)](#)
[![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Frameworks:
[![Qt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qt-%23217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Qt&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white)](#)

#### IDEs:
[![Ardiuno IDE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino_IDE-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Notepad++](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notepad++-90E59A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notepad%2B%2B&logoColor=black)](#)
[![Eclispe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-2C2255?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Intellij Idea](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Studio-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)](#)

#### CI
[![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Operating systems
[![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)](#)
<sup><sub>I use arch btw</sub></sup>
[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Other tools
[![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMake-%23008FBA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cmake&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Qemu](https://img.shields.io/badge/QEMU-FF6600.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=QEMU&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Documentation
[![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)](#)

#### Design and editing
[![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white)](#)
[![Kdenlive](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kdenlive-527EB2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Kdenlive&logoColor=white)](#)

<br />
<br />

[![Dgudim's github activity graph](https://activity-graph.herokuapp.com/graph?username=dgudim&theme=gruvbox&bg_color=282828)](#)
